Add Module.md files to langlib modules (#17194)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: langlib/lang.float/src/main/ballerina/src/lang.float/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provide langLib functions which operate on Ballerina `float` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides langLib functions which operate on `float` values.
```
